docs: add information about islands directory (#29913)
nuxt/nuxt: docs/3.api/1.components/8.nuxt-island.md

It is strongly discouraged to enable `dangerouslyLoadClientComponents` as you can't trust a remote server's javascript.
::

::note

> The NuxtIsland component accepts a prop called `name` which is the name of a component inside `/components/islands` directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, component islands are scanned from the `~/components/islands/` directory. So the `~/components/islands/MyIsland.vue` component could be rendered with `<NuxtIsland name="MyIsland" />`.
```
